com/example/todo/models/dto/FilteredTodosResponseDTO.java
 com.example.todo.models.dto.FilteredTodosResponseDTO
com/example/todo/repositories/UserRepository.java
 com.example.todo.repositories.UserRepository
com/example/todo/models/dto/ErrorDTO.java
 com.example.todo.models.dto.ErrorDTO
com/example/todo/models/dto/FilterTodoDTO.java
 com.example.todo.models.dto.FilterTodoDTO
com/example/todo/models/Todo.java
 com.example.todo.models.Todo
com/example/todo/configuration/AllConfiguration.java
 com.example.todo.configuration.AllConfiguration
com/example/todo/repositories/TodoRepository.java
 com.example.todo.repositories.TodoRepository
com/example/todo/models/TodoOwner.java
 com.example.todo.models.TodoOwner
com/example/todo/models/dto/UserRegistrationDTO.java
 com.example.todo.models.dto.UserRegistrationDTO
com/example/todo/services/UsernameAlreadyExistException.java
 com.example.todo.services.UsernameAlreadyExistException
com/example/todo/services/NoMatchingResultException.java
 com.example.todo.services.NoMatchingResultException
com/example/todo/services/WrongLoginException.java
 com.example.todo.services.WrongLoginException
com/example/todo/TodoApplication.java
 com.example.todo.TodoApplication
com/example/todo/services/ShortPasswordException.java
 com.example.todo.services.ShortPasswordException
com/example/todo/services/UserServiceImp.java
 com.example.todo.services.UserServiceImp
com/example/todo/controllers/UserController.java
 com.example.todo.controllers.UserController
com/example/todo/models/dto/UpdateTodoDTO.java
 com.example.todo.models.dto.UpdateTodoDTO
com/example/todo/services/TodoService.java
 com.example.todo.services.TodoService
com/example/todo/services/UserService.java
 com.example.todo.services.UserService
com/example/todo/services/TodoServiceImp.java
 com.example.todo.services.TodoServiceImp
com/example/todo/controllers/TodoController.java
 com.example.todo.controllers.TodoController
